what's up my name is josh i love you and
i'm about to drink jameson for the first
time in my life i I'm a Jameson virgin
and I'm a galaxy bought my Jameson
cherry let's check it out shall we oh
nice my first impression is that it's
like the color of the bottle or the
what's inside uttered is a different
thing I'm used to sort of like an
ambarish kind of color and is definitely
sort of a greenish sort of a greenish
whitish color going on maybe that's just
the bottle I don't know you know triple
distilled don't know what it means no
1780 okay so that beats out makers mark
they're like way older product of
Ireland you know I don't know much about
Ireland but I know that they know what
they're talking about when it comes to
this kind of thing forty percent alcohol
I believe maker's mark is forty-five
percent alcohol so you know but I'm sure
that somehow it makes up for it and it's
in its smoothness and its awesomeness
somehow I guess I'm going to find out
wow so check it out Jameson triple
distilled Irish whiskey it's a blend a
blend of what you ask not sure not pop
not totally positive triple distilled
matured and bottle of Nylund don't know
much about it when we got here Bow
Street distillery Dublin England okay
it's got like numbers and shit JQ 0585
48 and shit and it's triple distilled
once again it's just like hardcore John
Jameson and son alright so let's let's
point it towards the camera all right I
don't know anything about it and then
about find out here we go so what we got
here is bottle of Jameson it's got out
like a screw top maybe when you go do
something special do I got to get a
knife in there not at all
okay it's easy cap comes off whoa it's
got a good smell already and i'm not
sure if this correct way to pour jameson
you know or whiskey I just what I do is
I tip the bottle towards the glass well
in truth what i do is i tipped the
bottle into my mouth but for the
purposes of this video you know I'm like
you know playing it real like you know
conservative for you ok so the bottle
tips towards the glass as so and then
we're going to get a little Janice
woohoo that's a nice color know it is
amber okay we're good we're good that
should be enough for now Wow look at
that alright so far I mean it's got like
a like a whiskey like a whiskey you know
a whiskey aura about it and so it's a
good color you know I don't know what to
look for exactly I know what to uh
something's going to happen you know
when I put it up to my mouth and tip the
glass you're insane there's going to be
like a chemical reaction that takes
place and I'm kind of excited about
right here we go
that's good whoo i smooth
motherfuckin Jameson holy fuck you know
I'm saying iris whiskey it's dry it's
sweet you don't have to say it and I got
to give it up for the Irish people I
don't know how far the back they go in
history okay what I mean fuck that first
Irish person was like fucking badass you
know I mean for starting the Irish
because it led to 1780 where there was
Jameson and then it kept going you know
I'm saying 1781 1782 1783 yeah I'm
saying and here we are 2009 Jameson in
my glass in my body dumps in and I'd
like to dedicate this song to the mother
fuckin Irish for their fucking Irish
whiskey triple distilled 40 proof
Jameson okay my first time the fucking
Jamison virgin well I was not anymore
all right this song goes out to the
Irish yeah yeah
fucking Irish people motherfucking you
don't I'm saying thank you thank you for
this such a dry whiskey with a sweet
aftertaste you know I'm saying Jameson
17 fucking 80 bitch that's like 200
years before nineteen eighty you think
1980 is like retro is shit why don't you
try 1780 all right Irish people rock